{"id":4110,"category_id":17,"creator":"saad1200@gmail.com","pic_url":"","created_at":"31/08/2008","title":"How Iraqi people feels about America","article_id":39,"likes":51,"active":1,"views":509,"content":"The people of Iraq have a proverb, translated, it goes like this:\n“When you eat at a friend’s table you do not spit in your dish when finished your meal, you should wear the dish on your head”.\n\tAt the time Sadaam Hussein was President of Iraq thousands of people fled the country because they were not free to express their religious beliefs. During this mass exodus America and Europe opened their doors to the refugees while our closest Arab brothers slammed the door in the faces of the people.\n\tArriving in America, the Iraqi people were welcomed and America cared for the people giving them a healthy chance through resources such as food stamps, cash assistance, health insurance, houses for those people who had large families, a chance to become a citizen after five years and refugee centers to help assimilate to the western world all the while being able to maintain their own culture. The people were treated with respect and dignity. On the other hand what did Sadaam Hussein give the Iraqi people? He gave the people jails, torture, genocide, and mass graves.\n\n\nThis culture was ancient, proud, and had stood the test of time until the dictator reduced it to all but rubble. All the history and accomplishments of the ancestors were lost to his cruel reign. The people hope there will be a time Iraq can be rebuilt to its former glory and the world will be able to see all it has accomplished through time.\nOther refugees who fled to some Arab states such as Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, and Saudi Arabia have been in those countries struggling for twenty years with no chance to obtain citizenship or get any assistance from the governments of those countries. America gave the people an opportunity to work as long as they obey and work within American laws. Many Iraqi people have been able to open businesses and prosper when they arrived here in America with just the clothes on their backs. Now they are successful and the children are able to live in peace and security and receive an education so they have a better chance at life. The people are grateful for these opportunities.\nAmerica sacrificed her sons and daughters to win the freedom of Iraq. This loss of life does not go unnoticed by the people of Iraq. America suffered the loss of billions of dollars to fight this war for the freedom of Iraq. The People recognize this could not have been done alone with out the assistance of America.\nLiving in Iraq during the time of Sadaam Hussein all the people felt hopeless there were no happy people and no joy in life just fear and terror. I hope there are more happy and prosperous times coming for the country of Iraq. I feel that it is prime time to re build Iraq just like Germany and Japan were re built after World War II and are now countries that are stable and prosperous. I love America as much as I love Iraq because they welcomed us into their country as brothers and saved us form an evil that is incomprehensible. I think everyone in the world should respect America for their great sacrifices. \nBy Abbas .Trim \nU.S.A .  Arizona","creator_id":1,"presentationStyle":1}